
The Atlas App gives olympic lifters an easy and convenient way to see how close they are to gaining entry into the elite 1000 lb club.
A lifter is considered a memebber of the 1000lb club when their combined squat, deadlift and bench all add up to 1000lbs.  This app 
compares your current lift with a preditermined target weight and tells you how close you are to that weight.  The target numbers for this app
are a 405lb deadlift 315 squat, and 280lb bench press.

Before you use the app go and determine your squat, deadlift and bench 1 rep max.  Once you have that information plug it into the input fields 
(action:go and put numbers in input fields).  click "PRESS ME" (action:click it) and you will see a pop up telling you how close you are to the
target weight (action: hoover over weight pop up).  If some of your lifts are significantly closer to their target weight than the others scroll 
to the bottom of the page and check out some of our workout plans and tips (action: scroll to the bottom and click on workout plans)!

Designing the front end portion of the app was fairly simple, just HTML for the layout and some CSS magic for the colors.  The back end proved
a little harder.  The javascript I used didn't want to connect with the frond end, to further complicate things I didn't spend enough time thinking
of different names for the different inputs so I had to parse through 10 variations of the world 'deadlift' to try and get the front and back end
to communicate.

By far the hardest part was getting a simple math function (deadlift/405)*100) to give me a useable number and to make sure that my array only
held one number.  With the help of an instructor I was able to use the Math.round function to take care of decimal places and the pop function to keep my array
to one character.

While this iteration of the app is very simple it does have the potential to be built out into something that can really help weight lifters
track their progress.  And that ladies and gentleman is the atlas app.